---
title: "Steampipe Table: newrelic_notification_channel - Query New Relic Notification Channels using SQL"
description: "Allows users to query New Relic Notification Channels, specifically their configuration and status, providing insights into alert delivery and communication settings."
---

# Table: newrelic_notification_channel - Query New Relic Notification Channels using SQL

New Relic Notification Channels are part of the larger Alert system within New Relic, a cloud-based software to help website and application owners track the performances of their services. These channels represent the destinations for alerts generated by New Relic's monitoring services, such as email, Slack, or a custom webhook. They provide a way for New Relic to communicate alert information to users or systems.

## Table Usage Guide

The `newrelic_notification_channel` table provides insights into the notification channels within New Relic's Alert system. As a DevOps engineer, explore channel-specific details through this table, including type, configuration, and linked policies. Utilize it to manage and audit your alert communication settings, such as verifying the correct configuration of channels, understanding the distribution of alert types across channels, and ensuring the proper linkage to alert policies.

**Important Notes**
- You must specify the `account_id` in the `where` clause to query this table.

## Examples

### List all notification channels for a specific account
Discover the segments that have active notifications for a specific user account. This can help in managing and organizing notifications, ensuring that important updates are not missed.

```sql
select
  id,
  name,
  account_id,
  active,
  created_at,
  updated_at,
  updated_by,
  destination_id,
  product,
  properties,
  status,
  type
from
  newrelic_notification_channel
where
  account_id = 21355;
```